Add server selection counter in DDQueue (#7803)
apple/foundationdb: design/data-distributor-internals.md

  * Check `BgDDMountainChopper_New`, `BgDDValleyFiller_New` `SkipReason` field.
* The Read-aware DD is triggered, and some data movement happened, but it doesn't help the read balance. Why? 
  * Need to figure out which server is selected as the source and destination. The information is in `BgDDMountainChopper*`, `BgDDValleyFiller*`  `DestTeam` and `SourceTeam` field.
  * Also, the `DDQueueServerCounter` event tells how many times a server being a source or destination (defined in 
  ```c++
  enum CountType : uint8_t { ProposedSource = 0, QueuedSource, LaunchedSource, LaunchedDest };
  ```
  ) for different relocation reason (`Other`, `RebalanceDisk` and so on) in different phase within `DD_QUEUE_COUNTER_REFRESH_INTERVAL` (default 60) seconds. For example, 
  ```xml
  <Event Severity="10" Time="1659974950.984176" DateTime="2022-08-08T16:09:10Z" Type="DDQueueServerCounter" ID="0000000000000000" ServerId="0000000000000004" OtherPQSD="0 1 3 2" RebalanceDiskPQSD="0 0 1 4" RebalanceReadPQSD="2 0 0 5" MergeShardPQSD="0 0 1 0" SizeSplitPQSD="0 0 5 0" WriteSplitPQSD="1 0 0 0" ThreadID="9733255463206053180" Machine="0.0.0.0:0" LogGroup="default" Roles="TS" />
  ```

>   `RebalanceRead_PQSD="2 0 0 5"` means server `0000000000000004` has been selected as for read balancing for twice, but it's not queued and executed yet. This server also has been a destination for read balancing for 5 times in the past 1 min. Note that the field will be skipped if all 4 numbers are 0. To avoid spammy traces, if is enabled with knob `DD_QUEUE_COUNTER_SUMMARIZE = true`, event `DDQueueServerCounterTooMany` will summarize the unreported servers that involved in launched relocations (aka. `LaunchedSource`, `LaunchedDest` count are non-zero):

Reviewer: Nit - a small inconsistency in the documentation. There is an underscore before PQSD here but not in the sample trace statement.

Author: Yeah, then I realize the underscore is not allowed as XML field name...

>   `RebalanceRead_PQSD="2 0 0 5"` means server `0000000000000004` has been selected as for read balancing for twice, but it's not queued and executed yet. This server also has been a destination for read balancing for 5 times in the past 1 min. Note that the field will be skipped if all 4 numbers are 0. To avoid spammy traces, if is enabled with knob `DD_QUEUE_COUNTER_SUMMARIZE = true`, event `DDQueueServerCounterTooMany` will summarize the unreported servers that involved in launched relocations (aka. `LaunchedSource`, `LaunchedDest` count are non-zero):

Author: ```suggestion
  `RebalanceReadPQSD="2 0 0 5"` means server `0000000000000004` has been selected as for read balancing for twice, but it's not queued and executed yet. This server also has been a destination for read balancing for 5 times in the past 1 min. Note that the field will be skipped if all 4 numbers are 0. To avoid spammy traces, if is enabled with knob `DD_QUEUE_COUNTER_SUMMARIZE = true`, event `DDQueueServerCounterTooMany` will summarize the unreported servers that involved in launched relocations (aka. `LaunchedSource`, `LaunchedDest` count are non-zero):
```
